Added Physical Robot Setup Docs + Example for Using Physical Robot without Remote Controller (#359)
ci-group/revolve2: examples/map_to_physical_robot/README.md

> ### Running the Robot without the RemoteController

Reviewer: Can you format this example the same way as the other example

> * To manually run the physical robot you first have to create a config pickle file as shown in `make_config_file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To manually run the physical robot you first have to create a config pickle file as shown in `make_config_file.py`.
```

> * Copy the config file onto the physical robot using: `scp <config file path> <user>@<rpi-ip>:<desired path>`. (Keep in mind that for this you have to have a properly setup raspberry pi controller on the robot. If you dont -> check the documentation for a tutorial.)

Reviewer: your stuff between brackets is very important requirement and should be at the start of this example

> * Run the robot using the following command: `run_brain --config <config file path on rpi> --hardware <hardware type>`

Reviewer: on the raspberry pi

> * To get all possible arguments for the previous command just check `run_brain --help`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To get all possible arguments for the previous command, see `run_brain --help`
```
i think 'just check' sounds unprofessional

Congratulations! The robot should be moving now.

> ### Running the Robot with the RemoteController

Reviewer: we can remove this and remember to replace this tutorial(or make another one next to it) when we create the remote control
